---
title: Week 8
type: single
image: assets/2026_s1_w8_games.webp 
author: The MUMS media team
---
Get excited for Week 8! Just as packed as last week to keep you busy.

The week’s events start on Tuesday with the launch of our Student Seminar Series. Seminars are presented by students who want to give other students a chance to explore mathematics beyond the confines of their enrolled subjects. If you’re interested in attending a seminar or even presenting, fill out the EOI form at the following link: [sign-up](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=z_NbDvQft0aRdlLFOMIqTTA81rBtPlZNgFYrBpEM75JUM1NLOUwwTVpSUlJDNDI2QkFLU0NHWEFRNy4u)
Our first seminar will be presented by Dr. Arunima Ray and will be on manifolds, and runs from 12-1pm at the Staff Tea Room, Peter Hall.

On Wednesday, the event you’ve been waiting for is finally here: Integration Bee! Come for FREE PIZZA and the chance to win PRIZES. The qualification round starts at 5:15pm and goes until 5:45 at the JH Michell Theatre. The competition round then begins at 6:15 at the Russell Love Theatre. If you think you have what it takes, sign up now at this link: [sign-up](https://forms.gle/FKmUjYwF62XmW4Q9A)

On Thursday, we’re running our LaTeX workshop! If you want to learn how to format your assignments, research, and lab reports to a professional standard, now is your chance to learn how to use LaTeX. The workshop runs from 5:30-6:30pm at the Russell Love Theatre.

Finally, we have Games Night again on Friday! Join us again for FREE PIZZA AND DRINKS and board games, of course, to have a fun night with your friends.
